Placeholder for lack of Github Email/Username (#56)
rootstrap/rsgem: CHANGELOG.md

# master

> * Add placeholder `email` and `name` when no git config is set, issuing
>     a warning while doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add placeholder `email` and `name` when no git user is set, issuing a warning while doing so.
    
    *Jake Yesbeck*
```
